= named_delivery_methods

The named_delivery_methods gem was created in order to make it possible to use
two different SMTP configurations in the same Rails application. 
The solution is to allow named delivery methods.

== Environment configuration

Here is an example using two named SMTP methods, and one sendmail method:

  config.action_mailer.delivery_method = :named
  config.action_mailer.named_settings = {
      :primary => {:method => :smtp, :settings => { ... }}
      :secondary => {:method => :smtp, :settings => { ... }},
      :sm => {:method => :sendmail, :settings => { ... }}
    }

== Mailer configuration

Note! You will have to set a default delivery method for all your mailers!

  class MyMailer < ActionMailer::Base
    default :delivery_method => :primary # Default delivery method for all emails
    
    def first_mail
      # Will use :primary as delivery method
      # ...
    end
    
    def second_mail
      mail(:delivery_method => :secondary) # This mail will use the secondary delivery method
    end
  end

== Things to consider

* You have to specify a default delivery method for each mailer
* If you use named delivery methods for one environment, you have to use it in all.
* named_delivery_methods only supports the delivery methods recognized by the Mail gem.
* You can not used any of the predefined names: :smtp, :sendmail, :file and :test.

As an example, using the previous example, one would place this configuration in environments/test.rb:

  config.action_mailer.delivery_method = :named
  config.action_mailer.named_settings = {
      :primary => {:method => :test}
      :secondary => {:method => :test},
      :sm => {:method => :test}
    }

== Download and installation

Add this line to your Gemfile:
  
  gem 'named_delivery_methods', '0.9', :git => 'git://github.com/danabr/named_delivery_methods.git'
  
== License

named_delivery_methods is released under the MIT license.
